Blog #2
Life Update, Growing Up, and Programming
09/03/23

- - -

Hi gamers! Since I'm not using code.org anymore for my blogs, I think it might be fine for me to get a bit more personal with my blogs.
Also, a quick update from yesterdays blog! You can find old blog posts by going here.
With that out of the way, lets begin.

Growing up, I've lived with one parent, while all of my siblings lived with the other. It seems like it would be a cool thing to be a 'only child' but in my case, it gets pretty lonely. (Hence the reason I use the internet A LOT.)
I feel like a lot of my siblings, especially the younger ones, don't respect me and don't really understand me. They see me more as a family friend instead of their brother, which hits like a bullet.
I've been trying to get closer to them, but it's hard. I'm not sure if it's because of me, or because of them. I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong, or if they just don't like me.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get closer to them, but I'm going to try. I'm going to try to be a better brother, and a better person.

Next subject, Growing Up!
I'm 16 now, and I'm starting to realize that I'm not a kid anymore. I'm not sure if I'm ready to be an adult, but I'm going to have to be. I have a job now, but I feel like I'm not prepared to start taking more responsibility for my actions.
I'm not sure if I'm ready to start paying taxes, or to start paying for my own food, or to start paying for my own house. I'm not sure if I'm ready to start living on my own.
I'm not sure if I'm ready to start living.

However, to quote a song I like, "I'm not afraid to die, I'm afraid to live, and not remember why.
I'm not sure if I'm ready to start living, but I'm going to have to be.
It's something I have to learn along the way, and I'm definitely going to 'fall down' a couple times and make plenty mistakes.
But I'm going to have to learn.

Next subject, Programming!
Complete change of subject, but I'm going to talk about programming now, which is something I'm more comfortable with.
I've been programming since 2nd grade, when I first started using Scratch. I've been programming for a long time, and I've learned a lot.
But I still have a lot to learn, and sometimes that really can be overwhelming. You can learn a lot in 9 years, and I have. But I still have a lot to learn and I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to learn it all.
And that can be very overwhelming. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to learn it all, and I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to make a game, or a program, or a website, or anything good enough for the end user.
However, I'm going to try. I'm going to keep my head up, and I'm going to keep trying. I'm going to keep learning, and I'm going to keep trying to make something good.

For a second blog post, this one was pretty long. I'm not gonna lie, this is the most personal I've ever gotten on the internet.
It feels good to get this off my chest, and I hope you enjoyed reading it.
So, don't forget to stay safe, turn on the music, and keep CubeDooding on! :D
Cheers! ~ Jack Spencer


Hi Grandma! :D