Blog #3
'We're Done! / Weird CubeDood 2 Physics / Cubed Engine / Youtube Explosion '
09/12/23
- - -

We did it! After about 2 weeks of work, I finally finished the website! No more annoying 'THIS WEBSITE IS STILL UNDER CONSTRUCTION' banner at the very top! Now you can just view the website in peace.
However, that does not mean that I'm done working on the website. There will still be new additions and new pages to explore.
For now, I'll be taking a break from the website to spend more time on schoolwork, programming CubeDood 2, and music.

Speaking of CubeDood 2, I'm going to talk about a really funny issue I've been having to deal with relating to physics and the brand new physics engine I've been working on.
CubeDood 2 runs on the Cubed Engine Alpha, which is a brand new engine I'm working on that will allow people to make their own CubeDood clones or projects.
It has some really cool features, like the ability to add in sprites, treat objects as blocks, etc. The issue I'm dealing with right now is player collision with platforms.
The bottom of the stage, or as most people call it, the floor, has no issues with collisions. It's a basic floor and does not have any issues.
Platforms are the issue. The player can stand on the platform block types, and can jump off of it, and do other things.
However, if the player lands on the exact middle of the specific block, which is a 32x32 square, the player will end up locked on the block and stop moving. Their Horizontal Velocity will be set to 0.
Which only happens if the player hits the side of a platform.
Meaning the issue is that the game is detecting the top of the platforms as the side of the platforms, but only in the middle of the platform. It leads to some annoying gameplay issues.
Since I'm busy with school, I have not had much time to work on the engine, leading ot me having to stay up till 1:00 in the morning doing coding. But I have to be quiet so my Dad does not realize. :/
The Cubed Engine is going to be a pain to program. Once CubeDood 2 is done I'll start working on the SDK and Engine Platform.

Talking about the Cubed engine, I'll run through some of the features the engine will include.
The engine will be a physics engine that will have a 'drag and drop' type system, where players just drop blocks in and the engine does the coding for them.
The engine will be a desktop application, but will compile your games to html/css/js, so you will have to code in JS.
The engine will have a built in code editor, so you can edit the code of your game in the engine.
It seems pretty simple, but it will have a lot more features. I'm planning most of these now, and it wont be a Celia Project application, it will be mine :D

Competely off topic, but I have a youtube channel where I post my music. Over the past week it has completely blown up!
My new album, BREAK THE SYSTEM has over 1k views on all of the videos! AND THERE ARE ONLY 4 SONGS SO FAR!
I've gained many subscribers! We went from 31 to 62 in a week! That's insane!

That's all for this blog post. I'll see you in the next one!
